vegan youtube if that's even a thing um  it's like in decline so that's  problematic  now this nihilism  runs  deep  and it conveys uh it conveys and betrays  a certain contempt  [Music]  and you know after like  over two years  of the channel i just hit 300  so it's like you know  which given my content was just kind of  like oof and then youtube videos they  they make yeah there's like so much  effort you put into it and you get like  barely anything  out of it like activism wise or like  people commenting and you're like great  video you just  i've i've done like youtube videos since  i was 13 um  pretty consistently and that's just the  that's basically what happens i mostly  just made videos because i wanted to  make videos but uh  and i wanted that to be be an escape  from college and work and everything but  that obviously didn't work i don't want  to give up on my youtube channel but  like vegan content on youtube  is like really difficult um  anyway as well as  like youtube being extremely difficult  so i just don't feel like i can  do much activism-wise but yeah i just  feel like you have to  have a setup to record and react stop  the stream and  um  it's just not gonna happen so it's like  hard to  put in the effort but i know i could  like be similar to like vegan gays or  david rams or something if i like put in  a lot of effort but  also when i get like a full-time job  it's going to be really difficult  because you just don't have the time for  that or maybe i'm just neurodivergent or  something  so people like don't like to listen to  me and i'm weird or something i don't  really know what it is  um  but apparently our personality doesn't  draw people in so sorry about that um  but yet i'd like to make youtube videos  about like honorable activism it's just  kind of like awkward because what do i  like how do you film it first of all  when you're doing activism you need to  have the camera person  all of this just requires money and a  lot of effort and then i don't know if  there's any  like if it really reaches anybody on  youtube  [Music]  the year is 2022  and i just rearranged  all the furniture in my living room  so that i have space to use  we fit  for the nintendo wii now why why why  why why  yes in part  it's because all of the gems have been  shut down again after a period of two  years  in which your ability to exercise has  been severely curtailed by government  policies that have come and gone  but sure in some small part  no one would doubt that it's because my  own youtube channel puts some pressure  on me to be in shape  to stay in shape and when you start  creating content  on social media you should really think  analytically  about what kind of pressure it is that  you're putting yourself now right now  i'm sitting in front of a bookshelf it's  full of books i've never read  and honestly in the next 12 months  i'm very unlikely  to find time to read  even one of them  how the red sun rose by gao hua i'd love  to read this book i'm positively  motivated to read this book and i  believe  this was a donation from a youtube  viewer this is one of the books i didn't  pay for myself but that someone  generously bought for me with the  understanding with the expectation that  i would read it review it discuss it  make youtube videos talking about the  politics of china in relations book i  feel  pressure to get that reading done i feel  pressure  to create youtube videos that reflect  the reading and research  that's ongoing in my life and that  pressure  is a profoundly positive thing  it can bring about  transformation and change for the better  for each and all of us but you've got to  choose  what kind of pressure  you want the young woman i'm responding  to here  she's had some success  on  tick tock  she's had some videos on tick tock that  reached  tens of thousands of viewers but she  complained she gets an avalanche of hate  mail  and a lot of it is complaining that  she's  obese that she's overweight that she's  out of shape that she's not  attractive enough because  what people are looking for on tick tock  their expectation  and they're somehow stumbling on her  vegan activist videos what they're  looking for are  people in revealing attire dancing to  short clips  of music and to my knowledge based on  what she included in her own youtube  videos she also wears revealing attire  and dances to music  while inserting vegan propaganda slogans  and so on so you know it's  understandable from the audience's  perspective what their expectations are  and why they're sending her that kind of  hate mail even if i can relate to the  fact that she's going to find this  demoralizing and discouraging  and she's going to ask herself  is that  the kind of pressure  she wants to have  in her life now i have to think about  this  all the time this is the year 2022.  this could be the year  in which for the first time i study  the spanish language  spanish is a much easier language to  learn if your first language is english  then chinese  then cambodian then hebrew then greek  you know i've studied so many languages  korean and i've experienced studying so  many different languages  i could make very rapid progress in  studying the spanish language  in the space of one year and i could  come here on youtube and i could film  myself  studying it  i could do six hour live streams where  i'm studying spanish and then doing  push-ups and then going back to my desk  and studying spanish i could have uh  alternation between uh workout videos  and uh language practice videos and i  could bring you guys all along for the  ride you could all come along with the  experience as i develop and as i improve  and people in the audience who get to  see how my accent changes with time but  when you when you make that  commitment you're putting pressure on  yourself  to day after day week after week  month after month right  deliver  for your audience and you have to ask  yourself to what extent are you  delivering  for yourself what to what he said do you  really want to do this do you really  want to change and become that different  person because after just one year after  just two years if i become  a spanish language live streamer if i  start watching and listening to the news  in spanish right and i start talking  about politics in spanish i'm gonna have  to have english subtitles because my  spanish should be so bad right that's  gonna change  who i am  it's gonna change how i feel about  myself that's gonna change how you guys  feel about me too  i mean  in some ways learning a language and  speaking language is incredibly shallow  and yet this is something tangible you  can understand already how that's going  to utterly profoundly change who you are  spanish isn't the only temptation in my  life this way i have a trip coming up to  thailand  i could throw myself back into the study  of the thai language i could throw  myself back into the study of the lotion  language or speaking a garbled mix of  thai and lotion  you know i could throw myself back into  southeast asian languages languages i  have a history with i have a background  with and i could come here on youtube  and i could film myself speaking and  practicing those languages and i could  start reading the newspaper because even  if it's in english i could start reading  the newspaper from thailand from laos  from cambodia and caring more about  those politics and talking about those  things and you guys could come along  with me for the right and i would feel  that pressure i would take onto my  shoulders your expectations and frankly  even if none of you are interested i  mean how many people in my audience  speak spanish there are a few  how many of you are interested in any  way in tai losh and cambodia or any of  those or the news or politics of the  particle there are very few  but in a sense right the pressure  doesn't come from the particular actual  people in the audience the pressure is  coming from an idea i have of who you  ought to be like it's an idealized  audience it's an imaginary business and  the pressure comes from  an idea of who i ought to be  of what i ought to live up to  if i'm starting to stream content  whether that is content  reading and discussing books you know  hashtag booktube doing book reviews you  know doing research time with that  whether that's content learning and  practicing languages or whether that's  me hitting the gym  ten thousand times harder now i'm not  that interested in becoming a fitness  youtuber but  there are aspects of fitness that  interest me there are workout challenges  that interest me again and again i see  footage  of police officers in terrible physical  condition i see cops and i don't think  they can do 10 push-ups  i've been tempted to do a series of  youtube videos in which i work out  really hard at the gym  and i show you the different standards  for police fitness so they're different  from city to city  jurisdiction to jurisdiction but  generally everywhere in the western  world there are requirements you have to  be able to do so many push-ups in so  many minutes  so many jumping jacks um sometimes you  run up and down a small staircase you  jump over  there there are very specific tests you  can look this up for police fitness i  would be interested in doing the  exercises myself  and showing them to you in a video  and then in trying to interview somebody  maybe i just look around and use  quotations from interviews that are  existing  and look into  how is it possible  that so many police officers look like  they're you know  two heart attacks away from a hospital  gurney how is it possible that so many  cops are in act on active duty and  active service look how are they passing  these tests and what do these tests  exist for and what what does physical  fitness mean in the realm of law  enforcement and and look taking a step  beyond that i mean you can see i'm i'm  sincerely interested in this  what percentage of our cops  smoke cigarettes what percentage of our  cops drink alcohol what percentage of  our cops are taking  psychiatric medicines such as  antidepressants  anxiety medications so like if you  include the brain in terms of physical  health these people who rule over us  these people who have the power of life  and death over us what if we took  seriously the question of their physical  health  including  uh frankly their intellectual health as  being of one nature uh with the whole  body that interests me  and i can really imagine doing a whole  series of videos that showed much more  of me doing 200 push-ups a day  and now think about  the pressure  i'm choosing to put on myself and think  about how hard it is to keep that  year 2020 to 2022 when i haven't even  been able to  to exercise  at a gym  um  people make the mistake  the terrible  crippling  long-term mistake  of assuming that the purpose of youtube  is to get famous  you know  you don't get to choose  whether people love you or hate you you  don't get to choose  to what extent you are going to be  appreciated to what extent you are going  to be understood you get to choose what  kind of person you are  you get to choose what kind of person  you want to be  and if you think of yourself as a  creative artist if you think of these  things as a creative challenge  all you get to control  is your art form  but the ultimate outcome of that art  it's not a portrait it's not a painting  it's not a sculpture  right the clay  that's in your hands  is the image of the person you yourself  can become you're sculpting an image of  the man or a woman that you want to be  you're making the shoes if you like that  you now  have to walk a mile  so as miserable as my play might seem  and having this stack of books and this  is not the only way  to get the reading done and present some  kind of intelligent and erudite analysis  and discussion for you people  think about with the passage of just two  years  what kind of person you might become  if you took on that kind of challenge if  you accepted that kind of pressure of  your life  instead of  competing for attention  with other scantily clad women  or other scantily clad men  dancing  to short excerpts of pop music  on tick tock now this nihilism  runs  deep  and it conveys  uh it conveys and betrays  a certain contempt  [Music]